[Music]
what will your baby look like do you
want to know what your future kids will
look like who will they be similar to
unfortunately scientists have done so
much research then they can give you
convincing answers long before a new
baby is born now keep in mind that genes
that work wonders dark-haired parents
might suddenly have a blonde baby or
even a red haired one
what's till the end to get to know how
that's possible strong and weak genes
modern science can't predict what
physical characteristics your child will
inherit from you this information is
encoded into your genes they can be
either dominant or recessive if you have
dark skin dark colored eyes curly and
dark hair big nose thick lips and a wide
chin
it means the genes are strong your
chains can be considered weak if you
have red or light colored hair straight
hair gray hair blue eyes fair skin and
left handedness first let's guess what
the color of your future child's eyes
would be if both you and your partner
have brown eyes your child's eyes have a
75% chance of being brown 18.75 percent
chance of being green and 6.25 percent
chance of being blue if one parent has
brown eyes and another one has green
eyes their baby has a 50% chance of
getting brown eyes 37.5% green and 12.5%
blue if one of the parents has blue eyes
and another one has brown eyes then
their child's eyes have a 50% chance of
being brown 0% green and 50% blue if
both parents have green eyes then the
baby's eyes have a less than 1% chance
of being brown 75% green and 25% blue if
parents his eyes are green and blue the
child's eyes have a 0% chance of being
brown owns 50% green and 50% blue and
finally if both mom and dad have blue
their kid has a 0% chance of getting
brown eyes 1% green and 99% blue now
let's finally figure out how strong
genes dominate weak ones let's say one
of the parents is a brunette with curly
hair and blue eyes the second one has
straight blonde hair and brown eyes
their kid will most likely look like
this a brunette with curly hair and
brown eyes the second situation a parent
has red hair and light colored eyes and
the second one has brown hair dark eyes
and a big nose well their baby look like
hits like this their child will have
brown hair
and a big nose the third situation a
dark haired woman with green eyes and
thick lips and a man with dark skin and
dark eyes will most likely have a child
with dark skin dark eyes and thick lips
no magic just science genes skip
generations keep in mind that a person's
physical characteristics are the result
of the displacement of several genes of
their parents
therefore what exactly they will look
like cannot be predicted with certainty
genes can skip several generations and
reappear it means a person can inherit
certain genes from their grandparents
and great-grandparents let's have a look
a woman with blonde hair and blue eyes
get married to a man with brown hair and
blue eyes they have a son with brown
hair and blue eyes
another couple a woman with red curly
hair and green eyes and a man with light
brown hair hooked nose and green eyes as
well as a daughter she has a lovely
light brown curly hair and a hook nose
the boy and the girl get married let's
see what their kids might look like
their daughter gets blonde hair hello
from Grandma and green eyes their son
has red curly hair hello from the other
grandma
blue eyes as blue as his parents and
grandparents as ODS fantastic right what
about your family
have you noticed how genes skip
generations in your family share your
thoughts in the comments don't forget to
hit the like button below and click
subscribe to stay in touch